# GBRB
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A word has been selected at random - can you guess it in 10? How about 7?

The hardest part of this game is not screaming at the game when you loose (especially when you were so close!)

How to play: 
<ul>
<li>Make a guess at the 4-letter word</li>
<li>If your guess has any matching letters with the selected word you will be told how many</li>
<li>The green box next to your guess will tell you how many letters match and are in the correct position</li>
<li>The red box will tell you if any letters match but are not in the correct position</li>
<li>On your next guess you will try and figure out which letters are correct and wich are not</li>
<li>Guess wisely, you only have 10 guesses (7 guesses on hard mode)</li>
</ul>

Try to maintain your streak!

There are over 4000 4-letter words in the dictionary - Happy Guessing!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A mind game where the person has to guess the word generated by the computer.


The app is published in play store - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=moh.theamazingappco.bricks

Note: The build version of this app is outdated because i cant update it on my PC due to space constraints, i will soon update the sdk version.
Also please dont raise pull request to FinalBranch.. take from the master branch.

Issues I need help with:

1) A nice splash screen to go with the game. --DONE-- Thanks to https://github.com/raghavtalwar7
2) Logo for the game might need some improvement. --DONE-- Thanks to https://github.com/arsundram
3) The general UI changes that can be made, I am happy to accept.
4) The UI for lobby activity can be improved a lot.
5) Update readme.md which will also be displayed on the app store under app description. --DONE-- Thanks to https://github.com/BeccaStaple
